About Us

At Union, we are solving one of the hardest challenges in AI infrastructure today: enabling high-velocity iteration while maintaining seamless production-readiness for AI workloads at scale. Flyte, the open-source project we steward, is the emerging standard for modern data and AI orchestration, with numerous leading technology organizations - like LinkedIn, Spotify, and Gojek - running millions of mission-critical workloads on the platform. We have a deep bench of infrastructure veterans from companies in the Big Three and beyond and a technical founding team who originally created Flyte while at Lyft.

The Opportunity

Reporting into our Head of Engineering, you will be accountable for delivering consistent and long-term customer value from Union. We are looking for team members who are innately curious, get joy out of solving complex technical problems, and thrive in collaborative, self managed environments. The ideal candidate has demonstrated ability to independently debug and troubleshoot issues across the entire infrastructure stack and manage technical operations. Bonus points if you have been a part of or contributed to the Flyte/Union communities or contribute or other OSS.

In this role, you will:

Resolve, triage, or escalate customer workflow issues by diagnosing platform/infrastructure vs. user code problems.

Drive retention and increase adoption of Union by developing deep knowledge of our customers’ business objectives and technical solutions i.e. use cases, infrastructure configuration, integrations, etc.

Partner with Engineering, Product, Sales, Customer Solutions to represent the voice of the customer, highlighting customer pain points and challenges in the adoption the platform.

Collaborate with our Documentation team to develop and maintain customer-facing documentation, FAQs, common customer issues, best practices, etc.

Represent the voice of the customer in product design, solution, and prioritization conversations.

Learn, contribute to, and champion the Flyte open-source workflow orchestration system (see https://slack.flyte.org), as well as related Union managed services.

Educate technical users on Union products.

Own meeting support KPIs and SLAs by implementing and managing expectations, processes, and tooling for customer support.

Collaborate with Customer Success to maintain a cadence of communication with customers about their adoption trends, sentiment, and opportunities for deeper engagement.

About you:

3+ years of Data or Software Engineering background with a strong understanding of public cloud technologies, containers and ML/data infrastructure.

You have strong Python programming skills and are able to debug code. Go experience is a plus.

Customer obsession. You take pride in solving customers' technical problems and have demonstrable experience supporting both SMB and enterprise customers with infrastructure products and solutions.

You have used or supported machine learning enabled solutions and/or MLOps/DevOps in an enterprise setting.

You have an awareness (or strong interest) of the latest trends in the broader machine learning and data orchestration fields.

Possess excellent written and verbal communications skills, with a tone that conveys empathy.

Familiarity with data processing, ML systems, MLOps and Machine Learning infrastructure components.

Familiarity with Spark, Airflow, Tensorflow, Pytorch and other ML libraries are helpful, as is a grounding in the fundamentals of distributed systems.

Benefits & Belonging

At Union.ai we know that employees who feel their best can build amazing things and we are proud to offer best in class benefits that will continually evolve and grow as the needs of our employees do. Benefits may vary based on country

Excellent medical - We pay 100% of your premiums and 90% for your dependents

Generous dental and vision plans- We pay 90% of the premiums for you and your dependents

Meaningful equity in the form of options – all employees are owners here

Unlimited time off + 12 company holidays 

401K match - Union.ai matches 100% of contributions up to the first 3%, and 50% up to 5%

16 weeks paid parental leave for primary and secondary caregivers

Flexible work schedule (some restrictions apply)

For in office employees: Lunch provided onsite and well stocked kitchen with snacks and drinks.

We believe that our differences are what bring us together to achieve truly special outcomes. We strive to be inclusive and focus on building teams that embody that quality too. Union.ai is an equal-opportunity employer and we encourage you to apply, even if your experience doesn’t align exactly with our job description.